---
type: rules
---

# Player Turn Sequence

  
1.  Roll for the Luck of the Day
2.  Movement
3.  Roll for Encounters.
4. If there is an encounter then:
	1. Roll for Surprise
	2. If desired, you may attempt to avoid the encounter
	3. Encounter Reaction
	4. Combat
5.  Make a Request (if there was a Friendly Reaction result)
6.  End of Turn

## Roll for the Luck of the Day

Roll a d6.  This is the target number that needs to be made for various tests to succeed.  You must roll equal to or higher than the result of this d6 roll in order to succeed.  Typical tests include:

1. Avoiding an Encounter
2. Avoiding a Trick
3. Granting a Request
4. Certain Combat Events

## Roll for Encounters

Roll a d6.  On a 1-3 there is an encounter.  4-6 No encounter.  If there is an encounter, then roll for the type of encounter.

## Roll for Surprise

Each side rolls a d6.  On a 1-2, the side is surprised and may not act for one round.  If the player’s side is surprised, they may NOT attempt to avoid the encounter.  If the non player’s side is surprised, the player’s side gets a +2 to avoid the encounter (see below).

## Attempt to Avoid the Encounter

Once an encounter has been determined and the type of encounter is revealed, then the player may attempt to avoid the encounter.  To do so, the player must roll a d6 and roll equal to or higher than the current Luck of the Day.  If successful, the encounter is avoided, otherwise, roll the encounter’s reaction.  If the player attempts to avoid a surprised encounter and fails, the surprise is lost and the encountered adversary can make a reaction roll.

## Encounter Reaction

Each encounter has a reaction table.

## Make a Request

The player can make a [[Prayers and Requests]] only if the Encounter Reaction was Friendly.  Generally, friendly results (if applicable) are scores of 7+ on rolls of 2d6.

## Events
Optional: When in town, roll daily events on the Warhammer Town/Village Event tables.

When not in your lord's castle, roll daily events.  

Every 7 turns roll for [[Events]]

At the end of every month, roll for Fief Events.

