---
type: rules
stats:
  - M
  - 4
  - 5
  - 5
  - 4
  - 7
  - 0
  - 6
  - 4
  - 1
---


The stat line:


|   [[Stats#M\|M]]   |  [[Stats#INI\|I]]  | [[Stats#ATT\|ATT]] |  [[Stats#STR\|S]]  | [[Stats#DEF\|DEF]] |  [[Stats#DR\|DR]]  | [[Stats#AIM\|AIM]] | [[Stats#COU\|COU]] | [[Stats#DIS\|DIS]] |  [[Stats#A\|#A]]   |
|:------------------:|:------------------:|:------------------:|:------------------:|:------------------:|:------------------:|:------------------:|:------------------:|:------------------:|:------------------:|
| `VIEW[{stats[0]}]` | `VIEW[{stats[1]}]` | `VIEW[{stats[2]}]` | `VIEW[{stats[3]}]` | `VIEW[{stats[4]}]` | `VIEW[{stats[5]}]` | `VIEW[{stats[6]}]` | `VIEW[{stats[7]}]` | `VIEW[{stats[8]}]` | `VIEW[{stats[9]}]` | 

## M
Short for Move.  Movement is expressed in categories: Short (S), Medium (M), Long (L)

Use the corresponding movement sticks for each. (See Song of Blades and Star Wars Legion for example.) Measure from front to back of the base of the miniature.  This gives large based creatures more movement, which is intentional.

Characters whose movement is hindered for some reason, such as wearing heavy armor, may instead be forced to measure front to front instead of front to back.  Movement hindered in this way is identified with a minus sign.  For example, a squire wearing [[Armor#Padded Gambeson|Padded]] would have a move of M+ or just M.  A knight wearing [[Armor#Plated Chain|Plated Chain]] would have a move of M-.

## INI
Short for Initiative. This stat is used for breaking away from combat, checks that require dexterity, etc.  If using complex initiative systems like DND, can be used for individual initiative in combat encounters.  It is recommended however to use side based initiative instead.  One on one duels however are ideal for individual initiative.

## ATT
Short for Attack. This number is added to your rolls to hit in melee.

## STR
Short for Strength. This number is added to your roll for damage in melee.  Ranged weapons have their own STR values.

## DEF
Short for Defense.  This number is added to your rolls to defend in melee.

## DR 
Short for Damage Resistance.  The DR stat typically includes the innate Toughness of the character.

This value is used to subtract from the total damage rolled.  Total DR = TOUGHNESS + DR from armor or other items, spells, or conditions.
 
## AIM
Short for Aim.  This value is added to a d6 roll to see if you hit.  Range difficulties are: Short (5), Medium (7), Long (9), Extreme (11)

| Short | Medium | Long | Extreme | 
|:-----:|:------:|:----:|:-------:|
|   5   |   7    |  9   |   11    |

## COU
Short for Courage.  This stat is used for testing against Fear inducing characters.  When attempting to charge a character that has the [[Fear]] ability, a character will have to roll a d6 and add their COU stat.  If the roll is equal to or higher than the Fear stat of the opponent, the test is passed.

## DIS
Short for Discipline.  This stat is a measure of how disciplined a character is.  It is used for rallying and the Strategic roll.

## A
Short for Number of Attacks.  This is the number of melee attacks a character can make in a round of combat.

## Fate Points (ReRolls) (FP)  

Since this game is very deadly, heroes are going to need a few “Get out of Jail Free” cards.  Sometimes, these can be generated by certain characters or commanders by rolling dice at the beginning of each round of combat.  You cannot re-roll a re-roll.

## Starting Fate Points

Hero Player Characters (Squires and above) start play with 1-3 Fate Points.  NPCs do not get Fate Points.  A hero may however spend one of his own Fate Points for an NPC.

## Recovering Fate Points

After being spent, Fate Points can be regained by completing quests, certain encounters, etc.

They can also be regained by visiting a Church, going on a Pilgrimage, etc.

## Increasing Fate Points

Upon leveling up, Fate Points can be increased.

The maximum number of Fate Points can also be increased by spending 1,000 gold (or silver depending on the base currency) and spending a week at a shrine or church.

## Virtue Level

A measure of how virtuous a character is.  Virtue ranges from -10 to +10.  Higher virtue means a more moral and virtuous person.  Lower values reflect more vice ridden individuals.  Virtue level can drop below 1 for extremely vicious individuals, however a roll of a 1 will always succeed a Virtue Level test.

## Divine Favor

See [[Divine Favor]]

## Damage

When rolling for damage, roll 2d6.  The lowest die is the location and highest is the damage.  Low die + Strength + strength of the weapon = total damage

## DR = Damage Resistance.  

Subtract total DR from damage to get wound result.

## Ranged Damage

Is the damage of the weapon.

## Additional Stats

  
## Chivalry

A measure of how chivalrous a character is.

## Renown

A measure of how well known a character is.


