---
type: journal
---

Player Turn Sequence

1. [[Luck of the Day]] `0`
2. Movement and Encounters
3. Comrade and Companion Retention
4. [[Prayers and Requests]]
5. Healing

## The Party

```dataview
TABLE description as "Description", level as "Level", stats[0] as INI, stats[1] as ATT, stats[2] as STR, stats[3] as DEF, stats[4] as DR, stats[5] as AIM, stats[6] as COU, stats[7] as DIS, stats[8] as A, wounds as Wounds 
FROM "1. The Party"
WHERE contains(type, "NPC") or contains(type, "PC")
SORT level DESC
```

## Turn 16

Location: London

Luck of the Day:  `6`
Movement: Various locations in town

Giacomo instructs his men to get provisions at the [[General Store]] while he goes to church to pray.  (Prayer restores Fate Points, and gains Divine Favor)

The men buy:

4 Casks of Beer for 20 SP
5 Iron Rations for 35 SP
Rope for 3 SP
2 Spare Riding Horses for 200 SP
2 Longswords for 40 SP
2 Lances for 80 SP
1 Suit of Chain for 100 SP
Total: 478

`dice: [[Encounters#^townEncounters]]`

After church, Giacomo runs into a group of children.  He spends the rest of the day telling them stories.

Roll encounters for Berwyn
`dice: 1d66%`

An Adventure!  We can either check out a Warhammer Quest adventure or Knights of Camelot.  Let's roll both and see which one we like.

Warhammer Quest: `dice: 1d66%`
Monster Theme: Chaos Dwarves 
The Plot: A prized sword was lost in a pit guarded by a minotaur. 

Knights of Camelot:
%%`dice: [[X. Adventures#^adventures]]`%%
Pict Revolt 1 - Travel to Surluise and find six Brigands (Luck Test) led by a randomly drawn renegade non-Arthurian NPK (other than your Lord). Defeat the Picts and their leader. Bring the renegade back to King [[Galahaut]], determining the royal Castle’s reaction normally, for his friendship (if your Lord, for an automatic Request), 2d6 VP and EXP.

OR

Avenge Knight - An ogre has slain your closest friend. Randomly deploy an Ogre (monster, WL = 10) and defeat it for 12 VP and 10 CP.

This second adventure is a lot closer to the Warhammer Quest one.  It also sounds a lot more "Arthurian".

Roll encounters for Cadmock
`dice: 1d66%`

No good deed goes unpunished.  "Leaving most of their gold carefully stashed away in his hotel, your Warrior goes out on the town, taking 1D6x20 gold with them. As they cross the street, they spot an old crone in an upstairs window shouting that robbers have broken into her attic room and are stealing her few possessions. Happy to assist the helpless, your Warrior bounds up the rickety stairs to her room three at a time. As they enter her dimly lit room, a black bag is placed over their head, swiftly followed by a heavy iron bar. They awaken in the gutter several hours later, nursing a sore head. Not surprisingly, the gold they were carrying is all gone."

Luckily, Cadmock only went out with 20 CP.

Roll encounters for Edberg
`dice: 1d66%`
As your Warrior rushes through the busy streets, their money pouch is stolen.
Your Warrior loses 1D6x50 gold.

Edberg lost: 50 Silver


Prayers and [[Prayers and Requests]]: 
Healing: 

